README.md, before:

# Instructions on how to use Do Nows

To use these do nows download the file (click on the file you want, then click the down arrow on the right to download), then open it in the browser. **Note: I have organized the files into directories - you can find the most files at this point in the sat-do-nows directory.** We also now have 'infinite' quizzes and worksheets!

You can do this by opening your browser to a blank tab and using the key combination:

- ctrl-o

After opening the file you can regenerate problems with:

- ctrl-r (or by refreshing the page)

To print the files use:

- ctrl-p

## For the Infinite Quizzes and Worksheets

These files start with quiz (or worksheet). Each time you refresh a new quiz version (or worksheet) will generate in the browser (only one version is generated at a time). You can then print that version and then regenerate a new version and print that and so on, for whatever amount of quizzes (or worksheet) you need. **Note:** Currently infinite quizzes (and worksheets) do not contain answer keys.

Enjoy!!!!

## Python Programs

Python programs have just been added! These require python to be installed on your system. You can then run these programs and they will generate HTML. From here you can print these HTML files to PDF. These files are also great for STEM students wanting to see a real world application of python!

Commit message:

update README for ruby programs

README.md, after:

# Instructions on how to use Do Nows

To use these do nows download the file (click on the file you want, then click the down arrow on the right to download), then open it in the browser. **Note: I have organized the files into directories - you can find the most files at this point in the sat-do-nows directory.** We also now have 'infinite' quizzes and worksheets!

You can do this by opening your browser to a blank tab and using the key combination:

- ctrl-o

After opening the file you can regenerate problems with:

- ctrl-r (or by refreshing the page)

To print the files use:

- ctrl-p

## For the Infinite Quizzes and Worksheets

These files start with quiz (or worksheet). Each time you refresh a new quiz version (or worksheet) will generate in the browser (only one version is generated at a time). You can then print that version and then regenerate a new version and print that and so on, for whatever amount of quizzes (or worksheet) you need. **Note:** Currently infinite quizzes (and worksheets) do not contain answer keys.

Enjoy!!!!

## Python and Ruby Programs

Python and ruby programs have just been added! These require python (or ruby if you're using a ruby program) to be installed on your system. You can then run these programs and they will generate HTML. From here you can print these HTML files to PDF. These files are also great for STEM students wanting to see a real world application of python and/or ruby!
